okay so there were rumors there were
serious rumors that the 10th Generation
Apple watch was going to be the one that
gets this huge redesign like remember
the iPhone 10 that sort of reset the
design language of the whole iPhone line
and 10 is just such a it's a nice round
even number right so we just kind of
figured that maybe the Apple watch would
do the same thing and I even remember in
my last few years of reviewing the APPA
Watch series 8 series 9 I was like look
these are good watches but clearly very
incremental improvements so if you want
a big upgrade maybe wait till the 10th
gen one and so now here we are I've been
using Apple Watch series 10 for the past
week and
it's it's it's definitely another
incremental upgrade now you know that's
not necessarily A Bad Thing obviously
it's not as exciting as a total redesign
but that definitely makes this review
pretty simple as far as whether you
should get one or not the main physical
differences this time on the outside are
it's slightly thinner and lighter and
bigger so the numbers say 10% thinner
and 10% lighter for the aluminum one and
then they actually drop stainless steel
in favor of titanium on the higher end
ones so that's 20% lighter and the
screens of both sizes are now even
bigger and the result is really just
that you can see more and it's just more
comfortable on the wrist in fact it
actually just feels like someone took
last year's Apple watch and just
squashed it down a little bit and there
you go that's the new design and of
course it's more complicated than that
like there is a new metal back that's
one piece now and there's a new
re-engineered speaker that's 30% smaller
so it can fit in this and just other
pieces like shuffled around to fit in
this new shape but the end result is
very much still an incremental update
instead of some dramatic new form factor
I actually think now this visually
reminds me more than ever of a pixel
watch just depending on what face you
have just because of the way the top
edges are curved even more and the way
everything just kind of melts into the
sides especially with this new jet black
color it's just way bigger in fact it's
true the larger 46 mm Apple Watch series
10 basically now runs the same screen
size as the Apple watch Ultra and apple
loves to do that thing where they show
an older watch on the screen and then
the newer watch with a bigger screen
next to it and brag about how hey
there's a bigger screen so you can get
even more text and even more content on
the screen and it's easier to type on
that on-screen keyboard and to be honest
it never really made that much of a big
difference to me other than maybe the
ultra but this year I noticed something
very specific the dis sports workout now
shows one extra line of information so
instead of time active calories total
calories and heart rate it now shows me
time active calories total calories
heart rate and Miles so there's that I
think watch OS 11 literally just adds an
extra line of text in some instances
with these bigger screens which is kind
of funny but speaking of watchos 11 that
that Launches on these new watches and
gets pushed as a software update to some
older Apple watches so you're going to
get things like the new vitals app which
gives you a sort of energy score kind of
like the Garmin body battery and there's
a sleep apnea detection which just got
FDA approval to detect and notify you of
potentially high levels of sleep apnea
using only the accelerometer and there's
training load as well which keeps track
of the perceived intensity of workouts
that stuff is nice and it's also like I
said coming to some older Apple watches
as well so if you really want to know
what stuff is specifically coming just
to this newest watch so like a reason to
get this one then there's about four
that you should know about okay so let
me know if let me know if these are
enough to convince you to get this
newest watch so number one with this
redesigned speaker you can now listen to
Media out loud on the watch so meaning
like you could already like take phone
calls and set alarms and stuff but now
you can literally just play media like
music or podcasts or audio books out
loud so you could be on a hike and just
forget your headphones and
just you could be that guy but don't
don't be that guy so then number two
this is now an updated ltpo 3 display
which means it'll go all the way down to
1 Herz instead of 10 HZ so now it can
show the secondhand all the time when
the always on display is on because it
doesn't take up extra battery plus it
has slightly noticeably better off axis
viewing angles which actually helps for
a watch so you can sort of glance and
check the watch and still see it without
looking like you're checking your watch
so then number three there is a new
water temperature
sensor so here's the thing I don't know
if you can tell by looking at me but I
don't really spend too much time around
deep water so I don't have any test
results for this particular new
sensor but it's there now so
great but then number four faster
charging so cared about this one turns
out so if you use the puck that comes
with it this is how you maximize your
charging speed you can now get it up to
somewhere around 65% from dead in half
an hour it's supposed to be 80% actually
but we couldn't get it quite that fast
but nevertheless the faster charging
speed is very welcome and that's it
that's the new Big 10th Generation
update there's also a new S10 sip inside
which doesn't seem to be noticeably
faster or better at anything in the S9
has an improved neural engine but hasn't
been enabling anything that the S9 can't
do so yeah is that enough and the more I
thought about it honestly my take is
that now that Apple has called this a
redesign like if you watch the keynote
they were like this is this is a huge
deal this is a big new 10th Generation
redesign now that they've done that I'm
fairly sure that that means that this is
what the Apple watch is going to look
like for the next 5 to 10 more years
like like this if this is a real
redesign for Apple then we're going to
be back to even smaller changes from
here on really the only parts of this
update that made a big difference at all
to me are the larger display and faster
charging the larger display for obvious
reasons the faster charging is nice
especially just cuz if you want to drop
it on a charger for a few minutes and
get a bunch of use then you can I would
find it even better if I was doing sleep
tracking as well but I've mentioned this
before I'm not because I'm using the
eight sleep for all my sleep tracking
metrics and so shout out to eight sleep
for sponsoring this portion of the video
the eight sleep has been so good to me
which is why I'm mentioning it in
previous videos and you've already heard
about this new one the Pod 4 ultra which
can get super cool or super warm to each
side of the bed independently but also
yeah it's doing that biometric tracking
with 99% accuracy no matter how you're
sleeping which I think is actually an
advantage over something on the back of
your wrist so then you just jump in the
app and you can see you know here's the
different stages of sleep here I've been
waking up in the middle of the night
randomly since coming back from
Australia's time zone but this is a
pretty good night right here you can see
heart rate heart rate variability breath
rate no snoring which is great and it's
helping me get back into my sleep
routine here on the east coast and it
can help anyone sleep better honestly so
you just add the Pod to your current
mattress like a fitted sheet and it
automatically cools down or warms up
each side of the bed so you can go to
eight sleep.com MKBHD and get $350 off
pod 4 ultra or 200 bucks off the Pod 4
and then you can also leave your
wearable on the nightstand but okay so
if you if you have an older Apple Watch
series four 5 6 7 and you want a new one
then okay yeah this is the upgrade to
get that's like the easiest no-brainer
conclusion in the world for this product
but I'm going I'm going the extra step
as a reviewer and predicting the future
of this product and and just based on
Apple's language in their presentations
I really don't think we're getting any
planned big upgrades to this watch for a
while which is unfortunate but like all
those major features we were thinking
about like a a rotating bezel or a
circular shape or a meaningful
Improvement to the battery any of which
would have been the biggest change to
the Apple watch in years we didn't get
any of that with this 10 gen redesign so
it feels like they're not planning on
doing any of it so this is the 10 gen
Apple watch and this feels like Apple's
big statement of this is the Apple watch
it's the squirkle no rotating bezel
these are the buttons this is the shape
18 hour battery life over and over again
take it or leave it that's it that's the
review thanks for watching catch you
guys the next one peace